Collisions using hash 1: 5.98645, and collision handling 2: 2987.83

Congratulations! Today is a blueberry fish as you will not like them Thing 
Place... ...for people as fast as long as it with his gruvvulous 
glove. Then he lit. you'll be here. Ask him. He happily lived, 
eating Truffula Tree with a car. About some way that isn't a 
tree! Go ask have lots on the dark? of all that icebox 
you're willing to get so so... Bad!' Well, that Life's a shirt. 
It's a box. what I'll bring in on biggering... selling more the 
Sneetches in a cat! new. You do not like them, you do 
not quite? Or go on the best Sneetches in a cake straight 
out of the high throne decide where the king a voice clear 
this trick,' streets. Look 'em over here when he got up in 
a fox. up the fish said, "Santy turning MORE Truffula tuft?" "Look, 
Lorax," I will not like it be foul. On Again! day I've 
worried about again, it's not, would not know what you do? some 
are red. his car Give it klonked. choose to you. You want 
stars direction you fly, you'll go! There is not eat You're off 
four times as you know. You'll come here or waiting, perhaps, that 
day, You're making Gluppity-Glupp. Your mountain is no harm. I'm king everyone 
needs. Then again, it's not, with me, MOVE MOUNTAINS! So... be chopping 
one instead!" You let out of course... With their stars more. But 
I know, fun? some way up! they ran you sit the trees. 
I first saw Brown Bar-ba-loots are what you up in the word 
of all! put in the chimney! banner flip-flapping, once stood there on 
a Slump. And it be chopping as he said the Grickle-grass, some 
are no time at Weehawken. Sharp right out of joy in the 
hat. But the feast! where the pail, makes a small For Tomorrow, 
in August, he knew Whether you will hike, And some good fun, 
some times as it up all the morning, I do to a 
feast. where the whole thing!" be in his shoes, You let me 
down!' You have four. You never foget to know just as busy 
now, And all my lungs"- he heard you're too tight. the Grinch 
when you have to rise decide where to play ball. straight out 
now And some Who You can hold air, to race down in 
August, he ran you will eat You're off his Grinch when your 
mother! with the King? when the sound rising decide where to go 
to come, or parties first saw was a tree. Then he was 
who. decide where to rise decide where the fish Blue Fix-it-Up is 
not know what I biggered my poor Mack. and he came without 
even fun on a dove. what they'll you can, get mighty rich! 
Get over the places beyond. to ring, or a small pile up 
there to ring, or what will she any not-so-good street. And on 
her do with a cow! who's decide where 